Everyone put out your hands...
Focus your Spiritual Pressure
into those orbs.
"UNKNOWN ANOMALY DETECTED"
What was that?
What is going on?
What the...
No way...
What the hell is going on?
The Wandenreich cityscape
covering the Seireitei
is being stripped away...!
But why?
Why is this happening?
What are the Quincies
trying to do?!
Oh, come on!
And here we're just getting started
on building one measly gate...
Don't our enemies have any limits
to what they can do?!
This can't be good...
We need to hurry
and finish up the gate!
I put my hands together and pray
Why is fate so cruel?
My will to put on a brave face
is about to break
Everything I do seems to go wrong,
you know?
Oh, calm down,
I still have faith in you
Even if we're apart
Even if you forget about me someday
BLEACH: THOUSAND-YEAR BLOOD WAR
We don't need words
to understand each other
We're connected on a higher level
I'm sorry, fate,
but you're full of it
So let's laugh it off
by putting on a brave face
With you, I think we can alter fate
On lonely nights
when I feel like crying
I will pray for you
so that I won't leave you all alone
Open it!
You're...
Hey. It's been a while, Kurosaki.
Grimmjow!
How many years has it been?
Looks like the wound I gave you
in our last battle has healed.
You're damn right.
You're looking good yourself.
Did you think I was dead?
Like I'd die before killing you.
I've been waiting for this moment...
where I can settle
the score with you-
Ichigo!
- N-Nel?!
- I missed you so much, Ichigo!
Mr. Urahara made a bracelet
that lets me switch between
a kid and an adult at will!
Now I can finally be of
actual help to you, Ichigo!
In fact, I may never go back
to being a kid
as long as I have this bracelet!
Inoue...
You're probably thinking,
"Why does he have to keep making
unnecessary things..."
But don't think like that.
Urahara's doing the best he can...
D-Don't be silly, Sado...
I would never think of that!
Really!
Nelliel, what's the big idea?!
Get lost, you're in my way!
That's my line.
If you're only here to start a fight,
then stay out of it.
Need I remind you that I'm No.3?
I don't take orders
from a No.6 like you.
Bullshit.
Those numbers mean nothing
now that Aizen's gone.
In fact, why don't we
find out right now
to see which one of us is superior!
- Grimmjow, wait-!
- Testing, testing...
Okay, cut it out!
Seriously,
are there only idiots here?
This isn't what we came here for,
remember?!
That voice...
Will you hurry up and get inside
before they see us?
And that box...could it be...?
I said, hurry up and get inside!
Riruka?!
I'm here, too, you know.
Yukio!
Oh, and in case it wasn't
already obvious,
this is my ability
you're looking at.
I knew you guys were alive!
Hold on,
what are you doing here anyway?
Just get in for now.
We'll explain inside.
So...
which part do you need me
to explain, Ichigo?
Are you kidding me?
GARGANTA - INSIDE YUKIO'S BOX
What do you mean, "which part"?!
You need to explain everything!
And I mean everything!
We're so lost here!
Right, guys?
Actually, we were told
while at Hueco Mundo...
Sorry...
Oh, so you guys already
knew back then...
The more manpower we have,
the better, right?
Yeah, but isn't it wrong that
I'm the only one
left out of the loop?
True...
Well, you've been
quite busy lately, so...
Hey, don't give me that tired look!
There was no time.
Oh, really?
I think we had plenty of time-
like on our way here!
"WORLD OF THE LIVING / SOUL SOCIETY"
The Precipice World connects
the Soul Society
"WORLD OF THE LIVING / SOUL SOCIETY"
and the World of the Living.
- That, you know.
- Yeah.
"PRECIPICE WORLD"
- That, you know.
- Yeah.
Scattered around
the Precipice World
are areas of various sizes
known as the Valley of Screams
where lost souls exist.
Garganta exists
to fill up the empty space
in between these areas.
Spiritual Pressure becomes unstable
while inside Garganta.
One can barely stand
without constantly releasing
their Spiritual Pressure
to create a foothold.
But the Valley of Screams
seems to be an exception.
It can somehow exist inside
as a Reishi space
due to its different
Reishi structure.
Kisuke decided to use that
to our advantage.
That's why we found
and brought these two back.
- Still can't believe they found us.
- Her ability to move a target
- in and out of her favorite objects...
and his ability
to create his own dimension
using electricity.
That's not really how it works.
But whatever...
We used Riruka's ability to carry
a small Valley of Screams in a box,
then modified it into a room
with rails using Yukio's ability.
We were finally able to
complete it just now.
However, we're only able to
move the short distance
from here to the stake I placed
as a marker in the Royal Palace.
Still, the benefits of
entering enemy territory
without using
Spiritual Pressure are huge!
We can mount a surprise attack now.
We'll take them down
in one shot, Ichigo!
Hey, something's not right.
The gate we just built
is disappearing...
What is going on?
It's lacking
Spiritual Pressure...!
What?
We needed Captain Ukitake...
No other captain
could come close to
the Spiritual Pressure
he possess...
At this rate...
At this rate, what?
It's not over yet.
Ms. Yadomaru...
We put on the Shihakusho!
Hurry up and give us our damn orbs,
Kisuke!
The numbers show we clearly
lack enough Spiritual Pressure.
So why aren't you using
the Spiritual Pressure amplifier?
Why didn't you tell us
you had such a thing?
Because I never anticipated
it would come to this.
I won't let your sacrifice
go in vain, Ukitake...
We'll ascend to the Royal Palace
and mount a surprise attack.
While attempting
to seal the Soul King,
I drove in a stake near him
just like the one below.
If they haven't moved,
we should be able to arrive
right in front of them.
Use that split moment
to strike Yhwach
with your most powerful Getsuga.
I know you can do this, Ichigo.
Got it.
We'll clear the path of anyone
who gets in your way.
Leave the minions to us!
Right, I'm counting on you.
We have a good grasp of
the Royal Guards' powers,
but what exactly are Yhwach's?
I wish we had asked Osho
more about it.
So annoying!
I'm totally lost here.
I don't know what happened,
but stop moping about the past!
I hate that you're making us
feel gloomy, too!
You're right.
Thank you, Riruka!
Why are you thanking me for that?!
You're such a weirdo!
By the way...
Why are you on our side, Grimmjow?
Huh? Who said I'm on your side?
What an idiot...
If we let that Yhwach have his way,
Hueco Mundo will be gone.
If Hueco Mundo is gone,
where am I supposed to kill you?
You have a point.
My sons...
What's wrong?
Calm down, Nakk Le Vaar.
Seriously?
What is wrong with this guy?!
Doesn't he feel anything
from seeing His Majesty
looking like a monster?!
Do I scare you?
Don't be so afraid.
In time, you will get used to
my appearance.
Ah, so this...
this is what it's like to be
overflowing with power.
We're dead if we fall from here!
Hey! How can you be so calm,
Haschwal-?
No way...
Such magnificent power.
The world where
the Soul King is gone
cannot exist without
Your Majesty's powers.
Guide us, Your Majesty.
Haschwalth, my first son.
Stand behind me
and watch the path I take.
I shall begin
by reinventing our nation.
We're almost there.
Are you guys ready?
Yeah.
Just for the record...
I have no intention of
leaving this place.
Do whatever you want
without me.
What are you talking about?
Look, I don't know
who you are, but-
And I don't know you, either.
They introduced themselves
earlier, right?
Ganju did, but Yukio ignored him.
I don't care who you are,
but let me say this!
We're about to fight for our lives,
and you're just gonna stay here?
I was dragged into this.
I'm not obligated to risk my life.
Risking your life out of obligation
isn't risking at all!
You can hide here and do whatever.
But if we lose,
this Garganta will be gone, too!
Do you plan on losing?
That's enough, Ganju.
He got you.
You lose.
Yukio, you stay here.
I thought that's what I said.
You too, Riruka.
Stay here.
What?!
It's for your own good.
Your abilities will not be enough
to survive this battle.
No way, you can't be serious-
I've been to
the Valley of Screams before.
I know how much
you love cute stuff.
And that you can only put
things you love into your box.
The Valley of Screams
is anything but cute.
There's no way you could
stuff it into a box.
You went out of your way
just for us, didn't you?
Thanks.
N-No, why would I do that-!
So do us one more favor, will you?
Stay here with Yukio and be ready
to get us out at any time.
Why should I...?
Okay, fine...
Hey, Ichigo.
You've grown up.
Really? How so?
Well, maybe not.
I guess you've always
been that way.
It's ready!
We've arrived.
Let's go.
Right.
Beyond this gate
is the Royal Palace.
Thanks, everybody.
Wish us luck!
- Sir!
I'm opening the gate!
Is everyone ready?
- Yeah!
What is this place?!
This isn't the Royal Palace...
This cityscape is that of a Quincy...
Wait a minute...
Then where the hell are we?
W-What is all this?!
I thought we were
entering the Royal Palace.
How did we end up in a Quincy town?
What's going on, Kisuke!
Weren't we supposed to be
at the Royal Palace?!
Our coordinates place us
right above the Seireitei.
We should be at the Royal Palace.
Impossible...!
Did we not arrive at the spot
where I drove the stake in?
Ichigo...
So in other words,
the town that was lifted from
the Seireitei earlier
was rebuilt atop
a demolished Royal Palace.
No way! That was moments ago,
how could-
Exactly...
That's how powerful our enemy
has become.
Ichigo...
Looks like this place is definitely
the Royal Palace.
That damn Yhwach...he rebuilt
the Royal Palace to his own liking.
Take a look.
The edge of the town is a circle.
This area is probably
one of Squad Zero's Riden
in the Royal Palace.
But we can't see the Royal Palace
that should be floating above it.
So what you're saying is...
that the Royal Palace
was brought down
and everything of it
fell into enemy hands?
I-Is that even possible...?
We were spared
getting caught in that event
thanks to our being
in the Garganta.
We should consider ourselves lucky.
My sister's Spiritual Pressure!
This Spiritual Pressure is from...
Yushiro?
Who?
Yushiro Shihoin.
My younger brother who became
head of the Shihoin Clan
after I was banished.
Y-Yoruichi, you have a brother?
Why didn't you tell me?!
And why should I bother telling you
I have a younger brother?
What are you, my fiancé?
I'll be right there, Sister!
Huh?!
Y-You idiot!
What were you thinking?!
Sorry... I can't seem to create
a foothold for some reason.
It seems finding a foothold
with Reishi here won't be easy.
What do you mean, sir?
I'm sure you're feeling it too,
but the Reishi density in
the Royal Palace's atmosphere
is quite high.
True...
Ordinarily, it should be easy
to create a foothold
with this kind of Reishi density.
Which leaves only one reason
why we can't.
The enemy side holds control of
all of the Reishi in this area.
It makes sense for them
to prepare a battlefield
that works to our disadvantage.
Quincies can manipulate
and use the Reishi
in their surroundings.
It'd be something
their leader would do.
Especially one
who can kill the Soul King.
You're right...
Since coming here, I haven't sensed
the Soul King's Spiritual Pressure.
Does this mean he was killed,
after all?
Now, now...
They're far away,
but I can feel the Spiritual Pressure
of Ichigo's party.
The fact that our advance troops
weren't wiped out is good news.
If the Soul King died
at the hands of the enemy,
then we need to defeat the enemy
and decide on a new Soul King.
If Ukitake could talk,
he'd probably say the same thing.
Let's get going.
If we can't rendezvous
with Ichigo's party,
we must proceed
on the path we're given.
We're the 13 Court Guard Squads.
So let's advance for the sake of
the Court Guard.
- Yes, sir!
- Right!
Yeep!
Now what?
What is that?!
Come on, isn't it obvious?
That's our enemy's stronghold.
Not only are they not
running and hiding...
it's almost as if
they're inviting us.
Indeed.
They sure got nerves...
Your Majesty...
It appears
Ichigo Kurosaki's party
and the 13 Court Guard Squads
have arrived simultaneously
at this...
Welt.
This castle has become
the foundation for a new world.
The one and only true world.
It will one day
be known as Wahr Welt.
Then we shall kill
every last one of them.
To realize the future that is
reflected in Your Majesty's eyes.
Here, at the foundation
of the new world...
at Wahr Welt.
An ache upon
an unsatisfying grayscale
My confidence vanishes
I turned regret into lies
I ignored our chipped blades
I worked overtime
just for maintenance
But I knew all along
that this faded color
was an irreversible law
So I might as well pray
There's no turning back now
I thought I had made up my mind
but I'm still haunted by
doubt and anxiety
A bundle of emotions torn to shreds
with nothing left for me to gain
What's more important
than one's life
is to shoulder that burden
to sever this monochrome
I keep searching for the answer
to an unsolvable thesis
while making choices until I die
Then I remember where we came from
and the lives
that could never interact
No one is allowed to use the scale
since it falls apart in an instant
So, what can I measure
ourselves against?
Instead, I hold onto your words
that gave my heart meaning
It's always a paradox
The moon waxes
with each regret and sadness
The massive, unconquerable foe is
the darkness that dwells within me
I forsook my pride and joy
but I am still confounded
by this flock of imperfection
Beyond that white and resentful
midnight sun
awaits an illusion etched in black
"The fire that drips from fangs
does not fade."
"The blade burns away the field."
"Revealing my hidden friend."